Add tip on solving merge conflicts in functional tests (#2261)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/development/workflow.md

  as uncommitted changes due to the way they are generated. If you are not directly modifying those files in your PR, you should **discard those changes** and **do not commit** them.
</box>

> <box type="tip" seamless header="Solving merge conflicts in expected test files">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<box type="tip" seamless header="Here are the steps to solve merge conflicts in expected test files:">
```

> 1. Ensure the fork is latest

Reviewer: Does "Ensure that the fork is synced with the upstream branch" work better?

Author: Thanks for the change! I think repo might be a better word than branch so its clearer :)

>    - Pull from upstream repo to fork

Reviewer: I think this should be fine to omit? As long as they know how to use GitHub, I think we can assume that they know how to sync a fork :thinking:

2. Ensure local master is in sync with fork master

>    - Pull from the fork master into local master

Reviewer: I think this overlaps with the first step!

Author: I think what the first step is saying is remote fork is synced with upstream repo. Second step is saying that local master is in sync with remote fork :)

> 3. Checkout to PR branch

Reviewer: We can include the command! `git checkout [BRANCH NAME]`

4. Merge local master into PR branch 

>    - `git merge master`

Reviewer: Perhaps we can specify that we are calling this command in the branch (and not the master branch)?

Author: I think this is ok to omit because after the third step, they should already be in the PR branch :)

> 5. Accept any change to conflicts in generated test files

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could include examples of files/filetypes of generated functional test files!

Author: Hi @itsyme, thanks for the comment! I added a tooltip explaining the location of these expected files above (`expected` for functional and `__snapshot__` for unit test)

> 5. Accept any change to conflicts in generated test files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Accept all changes to any merge conflicts in the generated **expected** test files.
```

>    - It does not matter which change is accepted as it will be overridden in the following step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - It does not matter which changes are accepted, as they will be overridden in the following step.
```

> 6. Once the merge is done, run `npm run updatetest` to generate the latest test files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once your master branch has been successfully merged into your PR branch, run `npm run updatetest` to generate the latest test files.
```
